Added info about optimize jpeg operation (#584)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/md/assets/assets-transformation.md

| ----------------- | -------------- |
| `quality` | A number between 1 and 100 included |

::: info
This parameter is required.
:::

> The `optimize_jpeg` must be the last operation of your transformation. Set a quality number between 1 (high compression=lower quality) and 100 (low compression=higher quality). This way, you can optimize the weight of your images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `optimize_jpeg` must be the last operation of your transformation. Define the desired compression rate, by setting a quality setting between 1 (high compression=lower quality) and 100 (low compression=higher quality).
```
